ready body lotion welcome to smarter
every day and like he said today we're
gonna learn about rigid body motion
pretty object there are three axes of
translation there's also three axes of
rotation these axes are called roll
pitch and yaw so for any object you have
six degrees of freedom or six Dolf let's
look at that in a little bit more fun
way like gainers alright here we go
watch the pros first
you
and that's what
okay I'll see you get down there
definitely
you
yeah
actually he made it he kicked that thing
though thanks for watching smarter every
day if you like our way of thinking
please subscribe go check out our
Facebook page we have a lot of stuff on
there that you don't normally see on the
videos for instance right now I am
building a storm shelter using data from
a University study to see if
two-by-fours could penetrate different
kinds of walls using this to protect my
family so we use fancy book-learning to
apply to our lives of practical ways
enjoy the sort of thing please help us
send this out to your friends and family
get it to subscribe as well thanks
you